Run 19557 ownership protection (#837)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/workloads/submitting-workloads.md

## Workload Policies

As an administrator, you can set *Policies* on Workloads.  Policies allow administrators to *impose restrictions* and set *default values* for Researcher Workloads. For more information see [Workload Policies](../workloads/policies/policies.md).

## Worklaod Ownership Protection

Workload ownership protection in Run:ai ensures that only users who created a workload can delete or modify them. This feature is designed to safeguard important jobs and configurations from accidental or unauthorized modifications by users who did not originally create the workload.

By enforcing ownership rules, Run:ai helps maintain the integrity and security of your machine learning operations. This additional layer of security ensures that only users with the appropriate permissions can delete and suspend workloads.

This protection maintains workflow stability and prevents disruptions in shared or collaborative environments.

This feature is implemented at the cluster management entity level.

To enable ownership protection:

> 1. Update the runai-public configmap for `workloadOwnershipProtection=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the runai-public configmap and set `workloadOwnershipProtection=true`.
```

> 1. Update the runai-public configmap for workloadOwnershipProtection,  true = enabled
> 2. Perform cluster-sync to update cluster-service in the CP
> 3. Use the workload-service flag to block deletion and suspension of workloads, when appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update the runai-public configmap for `workloadOwnershipProtection=true`.
2. Perform a cluster-sync to update cluster-service in the CP.
3. Use the workload-service flag to block deletion and suspension of workloads, when appropriate.
```
